feat: Add es samples for 11.2.2 (#15)
IBM/ibm-event-automation: event-streams/metrics-config/README.md

> ## Event Streams metrics examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Event Streams metrics samples
```

> This folder contains configuration to fetch metrics from the panels in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains sample configurations to collect Kafka and Zookeeper metrics.
```
